Alright team, we should have gathered enough clues for teddie to find rise,
It's time to into the TV world and rescue her!

Got it partner, just say the word and we'll follow your lead!

Wait before we go, yosuke can you get me some more steak? I'm starving!

Dude! Chie! We just ate 10 minutes ago! How are you still hungry?!

Just stop moaning and get me some more food! Don't you listen to king morons biology lessons? 
The more you exercise, the more you need to eat! 

But you freakin ate 2 steaks, 3 chicken sandwiches, 4 portions of french fries, a chocolate milkshake, 2 large sodas and-

Yosuke shut it! why are you remember everything I ate you weirdo! 

Because I paid for everything as usual?

yea whatever! Maybe if your fat ass stopped tugging your meat to idols in swimsuits all day
and started lifting, your stupid coomer brain will understand the eternal hunger i'm going through! 

Haha coomer

Wait, is that true senpai?

Stay out of this Yukiko! And no Kanji! I don't just sit on my ass staring at porn all day, I aint got time for 
that, especially after our 2 new hires left only after a week! Who the hell do you think stocks 
the shelves in junes everyday? 

Guys please, can we stop arguing for a moment

ohhh wait! I get it! That's why you're in such a hurry to find rise! Your pervy dog ass wants to save rise so 
she has to give you something in return! Maybe getting on her knees to suck you off?

Whoa What! Are you seriously objectifying risette? not cool! You think all i see in her is a sex doll?!
I have never, ever! imagined risette wrapping her delicate, soft, luscious lips on my fat juicy Cock!

hahahahah cock!

ewwww Yosuke! no one wants to hear about your microscopic cheese covered dick! and even if that was true,
that still dosen't excuse you from fat shaming me and not giving a rats ass about MY WELLBEING!

Chie! Yosuke! can we all calm down for a second, we shouldnt be joking around right now!

to be honest senpai, this is the most fun I've had in a while!

Kanji keep your mouth shut! we're not arguing for your entertainment!

Yea you're not involved in this! why dont you do us all a favour and shove a foot long dragon dildo down your throat so 
we don't have to hear your annoying voice again!

wooo oh, Ok, that's it, you must all think youre all hot stuff
if you think you can get away disrespecting me like that? 
Give me one good reason why I shouldn't pick up this chair and bash all your tiny skulls in!

KANJI IF YOU DON'T QUIET DOWN RIGHT NOW I'LL GALAXY PUNT YOU IN THE CROTCH SOOOO HARD YOU'LL HAVE TO LEGALLY CHANGE
YOUR GENDER TO A GIRL!

actually, i wouldnt mind that...

KANJI! NOBODY IS GOING TO BE DOING THAT TO YOU!

OH IS THAT SO! WELL OK SINCE YOU SO KINDLY VOLUNTEERED YOSUKE SENPAI, HOW ABOUT YOU
ENJOY KANJI'S SPECIAL MOVE! CHAIR TO THE FACE!

WHAT THE HELL DUDE!! YOU COULD OF SERIOUSLY BUSTED MY FACE UP!

YEA KANJI!! GET HIS ASS!!! KILL THAT SON OF BITCH! 

GLADY CHIE SENPAI!

WHY IN THE NAME OF JUNES ARE YOU TEAMING UP WITH HER?! SHE WAS THREATENING TO VIOLENTLY THROAT YOU AND 
KICK YOUR TESTICLES!

(HAHAHAHAHAH) testicles

STOP TRYING CHANGE THE SUBJECT! I CAN'T REMEMBER ANYTHING PAST 5 SECONDS!
NOW COME HERE!

YEA GET HIM KANJI! THATS WHAT YOU GET FOR WRECKING MY Trial of the Dragon DVD!

WHOA WAIT A SECOND! OH SHIT GUYS I THINK HES TRYING TO EAT MY ASS! 
PARTNER! ANYONE HELP ME!

SHUT UP AND GET YOUR SWEET ASS CHEEKS OVER HERE!

(HAHAHAHAHAHAH)

Everyone enough!

Rise's life is in danger! Remember Why we formed the
Investigation Team? We're the only ones with the power to stop anyone else getting killed in Inaba!
None of us can do this alone, so lets change our rage to a smarter greater cause and 
focus on saving Rise!

You're right partner.. sorry Chie, I guess you won't be able to fight properly 
on a hungry stomach.

I'm sorry too Yosuke... I was just being a hungry bitch, I appreciate all the
food you've given us all, I can wait a while until the next mealtime to start
chowing down on some more steak!

Yea I'm sorry too! for uhh... wait what did I do?

Don't worry about it Kanji, just don't be throwing anymore chairs around and trying to eat my ass again.

Sure Senpai! I'll try my best to not throw anymore chairs!

And trying to eat my ass.

...

...

..

Why's everyone staring at me? Is there something on my face?

Uhh yukiko, ar'nt you gonna apologize too? maybe for laughing like a disabled hyena the whole time?

yea and contributing nothing to the situation

oh that! ok i guess I'll apologize, I'm sooooo sorry for not being able to control myself,
it was absolutely hilarious seeing everyone unrealistically overreact over the smallest things!

Thats a good enough apology for me

OH COME ON! Can't you be a little harder on her leader?

Can't you see how apologetic Yukiko is?

(snickering)

goodd! whatever! you're too nice sometimes!

Can we just go already!

Alright, follow my lead guys!

(go into the tv)
 
hey what's up teddie! 

everyone! I thought you would all never come back!
It's been too long!

yea! How've you been hanging!

Oh hanging! as in the act of my lifeless body on a noose 
when I don't see you guys for a week!

...

hey, that was a joke right?

Yea! just a joke! a prank gone wrong if you will!

well, moving on. Teddie, we found out some clues that'll help in finding Rise's scent, 
will you be able to sniff her out?

Oh why certainly sensei! I just wish you guys were just as eager to find rise
as you would be seeing me before I offed myself!

Woah Ok (everyone)

are you alright? Is there anything you want to us talk about? 

please tell us, we won't judge you about anything.

I was just joking around! its nothing serious you guys! I've just been on my laptop 
for the past week passing the time on reddit and watching
Al qeada executions all day!

(execution on laptop)

Holy moly! who gave Teddie a laptop with unrestricted internet access?

I know right! How could you Teddie! going on Reddit is the most disgusting thing you could
ever do online! 

Oh my God I think I'm gonna puke from the cringe, I can't believe you're a reddit user!

Ok there's nothing wrong with reddit.. 

yea of course there isnt you reddit mod!

Shut up! The problem is that he's 
been watching al Qaeda chopping chop dudes heads off all week!

What's an al-Qaeda?

It was the terrorist group behind the september 11th 2001 attacks on U.S soil, infamously known as 9/11, 
They flew two planes straight into the twin towers of the World Trade Center in New York.
(intelligence up)

wait, but i thought the US government did that! jet fuel can't melt steel beams!

Please guys! Can we not go off tangent for a moment!

Ok sorry, I was the one who gave the laptop to him, I thought it would help him
learn more about the world outside, but I really didn't think he would
turn out like this.

Well great going leader! Now his brain is filled with degenerate nonsense!

Shut up Woman! Get back into the kitchen and make me a sandwich! 

Oh and he's sexist too, obviously, let me guess, you're on your volcel sigma grindset right now?

wow! how did you know Yukiko!

Teddie, just stop trying to be an edgelord from now on.

alright sensei... but I was just trying to be based and red-pilled!

Do you, even know the meaning of half the words you just said?

Why would I? Just saying them gets me ton's of karma on reddit!

oh god reddit!

Teddie! Stop saying Yukiko's trigger word reddit! (puke)

yeaaa... Lets just agree Teddie's never getting that laptop back.

Now that we've settled that somehow, We have some clues for you teddie, you're trying to smell the scent of a teenage girl with identity issues
and body dysmorphia.

Oh! Does she have a septum piercing, tattoos and believes in astrology?

no she dosen't...

whoops! so we're not looking for a girl with an only fans and daddy issues! (laugh track)
In that case, i smell I really strong odour in that direction!

Everyone follow me!

Really? Nice one teddie!

So this is Rise's palace...

Dude what is this place? Is this a strip club?!

Does this mean we get to see lots of naked boobies!

Oh I hope so! Boobies!!!

There will be no boobies! 

(awww)

to be frank, this place is a really nice fit for a show-off promiscuous harlot like her!

wow whats with that comment? Are you jealous or something Yukiko? 

Well... I just think it's not very lady like of her to be dressing up like that 
and putting your body on display for everyone to gawk at!

Ohoho, is someone scared they won't be the top bitch in school anymore!

Everyeone please! don't look!

Rise chan!

That must be her shadow!

right you are pretty boy!

wait, im I a pretty boy too rise?

....

Yukiko, just admit it, the moment I walk into (name of school), 
All your beta orbiters will come grovelling to their new queen!
(really? are you just gonna ignore me!)
(shut it Yosuke!)
(Ow!)

hahahaha Why would I be scared of that? If you really
want to be surrounded with greasy virgins all day,
then by all means be my guest!

Why, I think I'll take you up on that offer...
Hey boys, like something you see!

NO stop! Everyone please look away!

...

Are you all, going to stop staring or???

oh uh no nothing (yep nothing) 
we weren't looking at anything!

Ok that's it! Stop it right now! you're just a shadow!

oh no! don't say it!
(stop dont! stop!)

o hoh, then what exactly am i then?

I don't know... but you're not me!

OH MY GOD EVERYTIME! WHY DOES EVERYONE SAY IT!
COME ON! WE JUST TOLD YOU NOT TO SAY IT!
aw man why cant we have it so we dont have to have a boss fight for once!

MmamamHAHAAHAHAHHAHAHAW! 
(transformation)

Everyone get ready, this is gonna be a tough one!

(transformation)

A s-stripper shadow?!

I, I kinda like it!

Yea its pretty hot I can't lie!

Boobies!

ALL OF YOU STOP BEING HORNY SEX DEPRAVED DOGS! THIS IS SERIOUS!

I feel so violated right now...

get behind us Rise! we'll protect you!

Just kill that thing please...

Arghh! i'm gonna beat the crap out of it! Persona!

Argh!

nice one! Chie

It's my turn! (yukiko persona)

Argh!

Is that all the heat you can muster? here's what a real bad bitch can do! Hah!

Ow!

YOSUKE HEALING HEAL SLUT!

DONT CALL ME THAT! whatever! Persona!

pheww thanks!

No problem, just keep attacking her I've got all your backs!

Izanagi!

Argh!

Ha.. i think it's time to activate my bullshit invincibility mechanic for the sake of plot! ha!

Yea as if they would do anything! (perosna Kanji)

Mwhahahahah

0 DMG? Kanji I know you're mentally challenged but this is taking it too far!

Hey its not my fault I dont know what invincibility means!

yea dont be so hard on the poor boy, you all need some punishment for that ha!

AHHH

i-is there nothing we can do?

Don't worry guys, I'll save the day!

pan cam with beareda

Oh my god,

teddie what the absolute hell are you wearing?

(islam quote) as you can see! I am a jihad of AL Beareda! with the power of all the prophets and 
allah, I'll take care of this infidel! by blowing myself up!

Ok too far teddie! too far!!!

what did we say about being an edgelord! 

DO you know how racist and insensitive you're being towards islam right now? 

Yes I absolutely do! and nothings gonna stop me from getting my 
72 virgins in the afterlife! ALLAH AHKBAR!

AHHH!

(explosion)

D-did he just blow himself up??

Oh my god, Teddie!

(smoke and emerges)

Teddie?

woahh, I can't bear-lieve I survived that!

idiot! don't do that again teddie! what if you actually died!

I'm, I'm sorry everyone! I just wanted to help, I thought if I did everything I read online, 
I would be useful to you guys!

You don't have to put that pressure on yourself teddie, without you
we would never be able to find anyone here.

Yea, sorry for leaving you here by yourself for so long, we'll come visit you more often, ok?

Wow! Thank's everyone! I feel alot better already!
So.. does that mean I get my laptop back?

NO!

not until you learn to stop believing everything you see online...

Hey I don't want to interrupt your cute heart to heart moment, but what is that behind you all?

uhhh is that teddie?

Hey it's kinda creepy what is that thing

oh, i belive that's my shadow!

Your shadow?!

so you mean this thing is the amalgamation of all of teddies built up incel tendecies?

Correct.
I am a being that seeks to cause as much human suffering as possible
for my own personal, selfish enjoyment using any means necessary.

Ok this guy is definitely on a watch list or something

I wish to enact a slow, painful, excrutiating death on you all, for the certianty you may experience a fraction
of the pain I have endured. The suffering will be prolonged and agnozing, 
as it will be the only memory you will remember.

Teddie what the hell is this?!

I'm so embearrassed! Uhh, let's just say this bear has some beary intrusive thoughts!

making crap bear puns isnt gonna make us look past this! This goes beyond intrusive! 
this is straight up psychopath!

Label me however you wish, but It matters naught. For this is the end 
of your days together, your teenage years in school, your hopes and dreams
and all your friendships. 
First, take joy in suspending you all from the ceiling with metal hooks,
watching your scarlet blood drip from your bodies, after I am satisfied i'll
proceed to skin you all alive and let you watch each other die in agony 
as i slowly butcher your body parts and organs one by one.

Chair to the face!

Ahhhhhh!

.....

ummmm

oh sorry, I'm not allowed to throw chairs at people arnt i?

No no! you did good!

Yea Way to go kanji!

wait I did something good? That thing was being annoying so I just hit it!

no that was awesome! you're a hero kanji!

Yaaaay kanji!

yea you can throw as many chairs as you want dude!

aw man! thanks you guys! well, if throwing chairs is ok.. can I eat your ass Yosuke?

What! HEll NO! YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO ME MY ASS!

aw dont be like that! just a lick wouldnt hurt!

yea its just a lick! its the least you can do for Kanji saving us all!

I must agree with everyone on this, its only fair!

Look if Yosuke dosen't want it we cant force him too-

You better start running! because here comes Kanjis Booty licking Service just for you
senpai!

NO GET AWAY FROM ME!!!

HAHAHAHAHAH

is, is this normal for you all??

No it is-

yep it is! you better get used to it Rise!

Its the funniest shit Youve ever seen isnt?!

I-I, I dont know what to say, I'm just gonna go back home...

Alright stay safe!

yea see you tommrowo rise!

NO IM NEVER SEEING YOU GUYS AGAIN DONT EVER COME NEAR ME!

....

....

oh she'll be fine just give her some time

Is that what we call... a woman moment??

Uhh teddie, whats that supposed to mean?

yea care to clarify? to us 2 women in front of you right now?

I uh well you see, I was just being a troll!

nononon THATS IT YOU STUPID BEAR! IM GONNA 32 AIR COMBO YOUR ASS
INTO A KILL CONFIRM IF YOU DONT START EXPLAINING EXACTLY WHAT YOU 
MEAN BY WOMAN MOMENT!

... I wish I had new friends...

































































